README.md, before:

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/AlliesOfCS/AlliesOfCS.github.io/edit/master/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/AlliesOfCS/AlliesOfCS.github.io/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

Commit message:

Updates website with skeleton content

README.md, after:

## Welcome to Allies of Computer Science

Allies of Computer Science highlights intellectual, racial, and educational diversity in the field of Computer Science and related fields. We are committed to fostering thoughtful conversations, and serve as resource for the broader Penn community.

Allies of Computer Science is a work in progress project; feel free to follow our social media sites to stay in the loop!

- Facebook Group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/alliesofcomputerscience/
- Facebook Page: https://www.facebook.com/alliesofcomputerscience/
- Facebook Messenger Direct Link: m.me/wicsallies
- Instagram: @wicsallies

## Team

- Jason Chen: `jrchen18@seas.upenn.edu`
- Lucia Huo: `huo.lucia@gmail.com`
- Jill Pesce: `jillpesce44@gmail.com`
- Catherine Qiao: `jqiao22@seas.upenn.edu`
- Stephanie Tan: `stephaniestang97@gmail.com`
- Wendy Wu: `wendywu@seas.upenn.edu`
- Alex Zhao: `alexzhao@seas.upenn.edu`





### Contact Us

As always, please feel free to email `wicsallies@gmail.com` with any questions, ideas, or suggestions. We look forward to hearing from you!
